D1 2079-7-28
literals, variables, date types, JDK, JRE, JVM 

D2 7-29 
command arguments,  type conversion widening & narrowing operators, Control Flow, decision (if, switch)

D3 7-30
loop(do while, while, for, for-each)
jump(break, continue)

D4 8-1
Objects initializaion, this keyword, super, final, runtime polymorphism, upcasting, static binding, dynamic binding

D5 8-2
Absrtaction, Inheritence, Encapsulation, Methods, Constructor, static keyword

D6 8-6
Aggregation, overloading, overriding, package, recursion, array, array list 

D7 8-7
Strings, Exception Handling, pass by value, reference, socketing

D8 8-8 
jsp, servlets, anonymous class, lambda expression, generics


D9 8-9 
Hibernate Concepts

D10 79-8-11
HB architecture, ORM, JPA, 
Hibernate Programming:
a) configuration(.cfg.xml) file
b) mapping (.hbm.xml) file
POJO
Persistent Class
Data Access Object (DAO)
Hibernate Non-Invasive Feature
HB with XML
Annotation


D11 79-8-12
Fedetrated Database
maven install
Project Object Model (POM)
Maven project to ease dependencies
XML properties for Oracle & MySQL
Dialect

D12

D13

D14  8-15



JVM (Java Virtual Machine) is an abstract machine. It is called a virtual machine because it doesn't physically exist. It is a specification that provides a runtime environment in which Java bytecode can be executed. It can also run those programs which are written in other languages and compiled to Java bytecode.

JVMs are available for many hardware and software platforms. JVM, JRE, and JDK are platform dependent because the configuration of each OS is different from each other. However, Java is platform independent. There are three notions of the JVM: specification, implementation, and instance.

 The JVM performs the following main tasks:

Loads code
Verifies code
Executes code
Provides runtime environment


Method Overloading in Java
Different ways to overload the method
By changing the no. of arguments
By changing the datatype
Why method overloading is not possible by changing the return type
Can we overload the main method
method overloading with Type Promotion
If a class has multiple methods having same name but different in parameters, it is known as Method Overloading.

If we have to perform only one operation, having same name of the methods increases the readability of the program.

Suppose you have to perform addition of the given numbers but there can be any number of arguments, if you write the method such as a(int,int) for two parameters, and b(int,int,int) for three parameters then it may be difficult for you as well as other programmers to understand the behavior of the method because its name differs.

So, we perform method overloading to figure out the program quickly. 




